# Tadpole

Invite Tadpole to your server **[Here](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=865670097321852949&permissions=8&scope=bot)**

Tadpole is a smart discord bot capable of having smart conversations with you! It is completely coded in Python with the help of **discord.py**. The repository contains two executable python files, namely **traintadpole.py** and **tadpole.py**. The first one handles the creation of all the accesssory files required for the proper execution of Tadpole.

Tadpole has the following commands:

* **!help** : To showcase all of Tadpole's features
* **!8ball question** : Ask a question and Tadpole will respond like a real life 8ball
* **!meme** : Tadpole sends a meme
* **!joke** : Tadpole tells a joke
* **!reddit name of subreddit** : Shows you one of the topvoted posts from the given subreddit
* **!choose list of options separated by OR** : You never have to make a difficult choice ever again!
* **!movie** : Suggests a movie from the top 250 listed movies in IMDb
* **!movie bad** : Suggests one of the bottom 100 movies listed in IMDb
* **!wiki article name** : Sends any article from Wikipedia
* **@Tadpole#3126 anything you want to say** : has a normal conversation with you

Multiple python libraries to access websites such as IMDb, Wikipedia, Reddit, etc. were imported. The conversation is handled by a neural network generated by running the **traintadpole.py** file. All the other commands are imported through the discord.py library. To execute the files locally, run the files in the following order:

    python traintadpole.py
    python tadpole.py

make sure all the files are in the same folder.

Tadpole is now online 24/7 using the hosting platform called **Heroku**. You can invite the bot to join your server by clicking [this link](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=865670097321852949&permissions=8&scope=bot). Tadpole does not store any data. All the account details, server details, etc. are protected by Discord and are not made available to anyone else but the user.

To be able to run the program locally, you will need your own **Discord bot token** and, if you choose, your own **Reddit client secret token**, both of which can be gained by creating the specific apps.

**Link to invite Tadpole:** https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=865670097321852949&permissions=8&scope=bot
